Previously onCharmed...
I summon the one
who brought me back.
I have demon blood in me.
You gonna be mad
at me forever?Maybe.
You lied to me
and sold me
and my sisters out to your
sociopathic demon father.
MACY: I'll help
you find a way
to take the demon out of Parker.
But you will
find a way
to take the demon out of me.
MAN:
I'm gonna livestream this.
How can it be
that we just met?
I am utterly captivated
by you, Chloe.
So does that mean you're in?
If you mean into you,
the answer's hells yeah.
I'm talking about the road trip?
The cross-country
pie tasting tour?
I can't drop out now.
Not when I'm finally ready
to finish my film.
Bummer.
Don't you see?
You've inspired me.
When I'm with you...
...I feel like
I can do anything.
That's because you can
do anything, Judd.
♪ Out on the moonlit floor...
Even... fly.
Come on. Let's do it.
Yeah?
Okay.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
I need to talk to you.
Look, just because
I don't hate you
doesn't mean...
we can be together.
That's not why I'm here.
Why are you inviting me
to a party, then?
It's a memorial service.
For this guy Judd
in my film class.
Judd and this girl
he was dating jumped off
the old Mill Building
into the river yesterday.
Oh, my God.
His body washed up this morning.
Hers hasn't been found yet.
Was this like, a suicide pact?That's actually
why I'm here.
There was something
off about it.
Judd was livestreaming
when he jumped
and his phone
caught something weird
after he...
landed.
Weird like...?
I don't know, it was like
a glowing light floating up.
People were talking
about it in class.
It sounded supernatural.
Well, um, thanks
for the information.
Yep.
See you later.
See you.
HARRY:
He may well be right.
This could be
a demon attack.
Oh.
Harry, you scared
the crap out of me.
Isn't it time for
you to move out?
Again?
I mean, you're all
healed from Tartarus;
it would be nice to
have our attic back.I beg your pardon?
I don't recall
you complaining
while enjoying
your homemade breakfast
of vegan sausage,
not that a vegan sausage
has any business
calling themself a sausage.
As I was saying,
we need to investigate this.
You think this could be legit?
Not just Parker's excuse
to see me?
Why do you ask?
I just don't want to waste
our time.
Maggie, need I remind you
he is half demon?
Like that's something
I'd forget.
Though Parker has been
quite helpful of late, I admit.
Perhaps his human side
is growing stronger.
That's a thing
that could happen?
Theoretically.
Alert your sisters straightaway.
We need to make sure we're
at this memorial screening
of Judd's unfinished film.
"Woke, or: The Journey
of a Straight White Male Ally."
Oh, good God.
Never speak ill of the dead.
It's not working.
Cells go into a
temporary hyperdrive
after a resuscitation occurs.
If we're lucky,
the mouse cells will
destroy the demonic cells.
What do you see now?
MACY:
It is working.
It's killing Parker's
demon cells.
It's great news.
For Parker.
How can it be I don't have
any demon cells to test
when we know I have
demon blood in me?
Parker's demon
nature is genetic.
Yours was introduced
into your blood cell
like, uh, an infection.
We'll figure it out.
In the meantime,
I can distill a serum
from the mouse cells
and try it out on Parker.
It may help suppress
his demon powers
in the short term.
Hey.
What's wrong?
Oh, you know.
It's just that thing
where you have demon blood
in you and one of the world's
foremost scientific minds can't
find a way to get it out.
Well, at least you still got
your sense of humor.
Yeah.
Look, we're gonna
figure this out.
I'm here for you. Hmm?
Thanks.
I wish I could say
that gave me hope.
But I... can't see a way
through it right now.
Oh.
JADA:
"Potential demon sitch"?
What?
You're gonna keep your
Charmed business secret from me?
I'll tell you what.
I will tell you
my Charmed business
if you tell me
who the Sarcana
broke out of Tartarus.
You know I can't
do that.
I came clean
about being undercover.
It's not just up to me.I know.
But I should go, though.
"Potential demon sitch."
Do you have an
extra toothbrush
I can borrow?
You could use mine.
Maybe I should leave one here.
♪ Everybody get...
Are we at the toothbrush point?
I think I can
do a toothbrush.
♪ Everybody get up,
everybody get up ♪
♪ Done being down
♪ Get up, get up
♪ Get up, get up.
So, if you're not
sleeping with Niko,
then why'd you come home
with sex hair?
Maggie, drop it.
Jada.
You're sleeping
with Jada.
Boundaries.
MAGGIE:
Have you lost your mind?
You're supposed to be
on an undercover mission.
Wait, is it part
of the undercover mission?
No.
Mel, you're gonna let
sex brain cloud your
judgment about the Sarcana.
My judgment
isn't clouded.
And can we please
change the subject,
because--
Meghan Markle.
Oh, Harry.
Hmm.
Look at you,
pulling off artsy.
Oh, why, thank you.
I am incognito.
Right.
Right, now, come on, ladies.
Let's get to work.
Based on
my preliminary research,
my guess is
some kind of hobgoblin.
There's one that blinds you
with its glowing orb
and disorients you
into sacrificing your soul.
They tend to be young males
favoring
distinctive... headwear.
Oh, God.
HARRY:
We've got our work
cut out for us.
I'll never forget
all those...
great times Judd and I had
talking about
what bowling represented
in Lebowski.
He was so deep.
To Judd.
GUESTS:
Now, now, never speak ill
of the dead.
Hey, guys.
Oh.
Parker, I...
I...  ...forgot
you were gonna be here.
I invited you guys,
remember?
Yeah.
So, listen.
That's Noah.
The guy who told me
about the weird light
on the livestream.
The guy with
the soul patch
and ironic
90's boy band tee?
No.
The guy with the fedora
and the handlebar mustache.
You should
talk to him.
MACY:
I don't even need
your boundary-violating
empath powers to know
that you are
still into Parker.
Th-That's crazy, why
would you say that?
Because you're staring at him
like you're on a hunger strike
and he's a human-sized bag
of cheese puffs.
MAGGIE: It
doesn't matter.
He's a demon.Ooh, uh, half-demon.
I just, I-I can't get over
how we met.
And how he lied
and used me.
So every time he comes
to rescue me, I...
...it just reminds me of how
weak and stupid he made me feel.
Fair enough.
Come on. Let's go find Noah.
So how long had Judd been
working on this masterpiece?
ZACK: Uh, this was,
like, three days.
So a lot of time, yeah.
Ah.
I didn't know Judd
that well.
I was more of a...
fan.
Is that how he and Chloe
started dating?
She was drawn to his...
talent?
I guess they were dating.
Um, but it must
have been new.
Last I heard, she
was with this guy,
Peter, who dropped
the class.
So she was
a film school groupie?
She wasn't a student.
I think she was...
a dog walker?
Or wait. She owned
a cupcake shop.
And she made
her own candles.
No one knew
her that well.
MACY:
I just can't believe...
Judd.
Judd, uh...
really jumped.
Especially since he had
so much to live for.
You know, like,
finishing his masterpiece.
NOAH: I completely agree.
It makes no sense.
He was a shoo-in to get into the
advanced seminar next semester.
Aronofsky was gonna
guest lecture,
he'd never give that up.
Uh-- I heard this rumor
that someone saw the
livestream of them jumping.
That was me.
Oh, my gosh.You're kidding.
Well, what did you see?I think Chloe had him on drugs,
or something, they looked like
they were trying to fly.
And this weird light
floated up.
Uh...
A weird light?
What do you mean?
If I believed in the soul,
I'd think it was his.
Floating up to Nirvana, man.
I've got a screenshot
if you want to see it.
Yeah, we want to see.
Because, I mean, if that
really was his soul,
that would be, like, whoa.
Meet me outside in ten. I've got
to get my phone from the car.
Just started a tech cleanse.
Okay, uh,
I'll grab Harry,
you grab Mel,
we meet up outside.
Okay, okay.
Yeah, uh,
time to go.
Isn't it sad
how addicted to our screens
we are?
Here. Let me take
that phone from you.
Chloe, you're alive?
Do you want to feel alive, too?
Let's go splash in puddles right
in the middle of the street.
That's a great idea.
He said he was going
out to his car.
Look.
Could that be her?
MEL:
What kind of demon uses...
MAGGIE:
Body glitter?
Noah is in a coma
and expected to recover.
The protection spell
I added to his IV
should immunize him
against a further attack.
Now we need to figure out
exactly what kind of attack
we're dealing with.
This luminescent residue
seems to act as a pheromone.
Is that consistent with
the hobgoblin you mentioned?
No.
That sounds like pixie dust.
MAGGIE: Did you
say pixie dust?
A pixie killed
Judd and Chloe?Wait.
No, no, Chloe's
the pixie.
She killed Judd.
I mean...
hello, body glitter.HARRY: Maggie's right.
And Chloe's body
was never found.
That bright light we all saw
was her fleeing the scene,
but it's strange.
Pixies are known to be
the most benevolent and kind
of all magical creatures,
and everything there is
to know about them
is in here.
Pixies use their magical dust to
spread whimsy and inspiration.
They live in the world
as a certain type
of winsome young woman.
Etsy and Pinterest
are filled with pixies,
and they're responsible
for many of the things
that bring us joy:
butterflies,
ladybirds, wishing upon a star,
the smell of rain,
Tom Cruise jumping
on Oprah's couch,
the flower baby's breath,
all from pixies!
Now, let us join hands and
♪ Sing
this next part.
Yes, and as witches,
you three are immune,
as are all demons.
But evidently not Whitelighters.
Mm.
Apologies. The stuff
is utterly infectious.
Why would a pixie
kill someone?
Well, it's up to us
to figure that out.
I'll shadow Noah at the hospital
in case Chloe shows up again
to finish the job.I'll test this residue
at work tomorrow
to identify the pheromone
and see if I can figure out
what kind of pixie it is,
because I'm guessing
there are...
Hundreds, yes.
You could see if Parker
has any other ideas?
We don't need Parker.
I will check Noah and Judd's
social medias
and see if we can track down
Chloe that way.
And I will plow
through this to see
if there's some way
to lure a pixie.
Hey. What are you doing here?
We're just about to...
see each other at work.
Look, I've been thinking
about your demon thing.
I might have a way
to help you out.Galvin, that's sweet, but...
I remembered something.
See, my grandme,
she used to tell me
this bedtime story.
I thought it was something
that she made up,
but now I'm thinking maybe not.
It was about a woman she knew
who had the ibi in her.
The ibi?Yeah, she said
this woman came to her
after a failed exorcism
because my grandme
knew the Chiriji
who could get the ibi out.
Uh, "Chiriji" is--
means "surgeon."
All right, um,
I think maybe we should talk
to my grandme about it.
You want us to talk
to your dead grandmother?
I know it sounds crazy, but, um,
I found someone online
who might be able
to help us reach her.Mama Roz?
Yeah, yeah, we-we go way back.
Um, hm...
I don't know about that.
Aw, come on, don't push me away.
Let me help.
We're past that
now, aren't we?
Hmm?
Yes.
I'll drive.
MAGGIE:
Mystery solved!
You're welcome.
I figured out
who Chloe's targeting.
Wait, hold on. Harry?
No sign of Chloe
at the hospital.
Please tell me the two of you
have a lead.
I do.
Chloe's targeting white guys.
Well, that really
narrows it down.
It does, though. It's white guys
in the film department;
specifically,
World Cinema 201.
Look, based on my
cross-referencing
across all social
media platforms,
Chloe's been in contact
with three other white guys
who recently dropped
the course.
Peter, that guy
you heard about,
this guy Freddie...
"Met this magical girl."
Shortly after,
he changed his Facebook status
to an Emerson quote:
"In the presence
of nature,
a wild delight
runs through the man."
Which led me to his Tumblr,
where I learned that he dropped
out of school last week
to walk the Appalachian Trail.
HARRY: Hm.
Well, that does
sound consistent with
a pixie's influence.
The other guy is Troy,
who dropped film
to create his own major:
"Living Your Best Life."
MEL: Aw,
they were right.
It really is hard
to be a white guy these days.
Let's not go that far.
MAGGIE:
There are only two
left in the class.
This guy Zack...
He was giving that super
pretentious toast at The Haunt.
And Parker, but you said
demons are immune, so...
Warn him just in case,
then find Zack and dose him
with the protection spell.
I'll get back to the hospital.
We still need to work out
a way to stop Chloe.
She's dangerous.
Hey, Parker.
Cute puppy.
Oh!
His name's Eggers,
as in Dave Eggers, the writer.
Reading A Heartbreaking Work
of Staggering Genius
changed my life.
You can pet him.
I always wanted
a Golden Retriever
when I was a kid.
Oh, I know.
I watched your short film.
Do you want to take him
on a walk with me?
Come on.
Hey, there's Zack.
Let's go.
A splash of Harry's
protection potion.
That should do it.
Unfortunately,
there's no way
to protect him from terrible
taste in man jewelry.
I'm sure it's a metaphor
for something
we're not possibly
deep enough to understand.
Come on, let's go.
It's Jada.
She says it's urgent.Ugh, fine, go.
I'll let you know if anything
happens on the pixie front.
Okay.
Parker?
Parker! Parker!
Maggie! Oh, it's so magically
random to see you.
Are you skipping?
Oh, the question is,
why aren't you skipping?
Don't you remember that
feeling when we were kids,
our bodies light as air,
skipping along without a care?
I made a rhyme!
Oh, crap.
Parker, you're
on pixie dust.
But you're half demon,
Harry said you'd be immune.
Oh, so random
you should ask.
My mom's been working on
this experimental treatment
to suppress my demon powers.
She is?
Yeppers!
And I guess
it's working. Yay!
Oh, wait, I'm supposed to be
chasing my puppy dog.
MAGGIE:
Parker, no!
Look at me, look at me.
you don't want to do this,
and that is not your puppy dog.
That's a good boy!
MAGGIE:
Parker, stay with me. Listen.
Snap the hell out of it.
A pixie's trying to kill you
with her body glitter.
What's going on?
It worked. I broke
the spell with my powers.
What just happened,
and why am I so tired?
I just saved your ass,
and I'm guessing
you're in whimsy withdrawal.
Here. Drink this
and go take a nap.
JADA:
Thanks for coming.
I shouldn't have
made it sound urgent.
It's just family BS.
Y-Your detective-ex
called
to tell me my parents
want to meet up.
Oh, wow, and you
don't want to see them?
I don't know what I want.
I mean, they think
I'm in a cult,
and they don't know I'm a witch.
I was adopted.
I was really close
to my family, too.
Then I discovered my powers.
It freaked me out.
I didn't tell them.
How could they
ever understand?
I was messed up
for a while.
Did a lot of drugs,
acted crazy,
and then I ran away.
The Sarcana's what saved me.
I'm really sorry, Jada.
So, um, I was wondering...
...want to meet the parents?
Oh, no, never mind.
I get it.
Forget I asked.
I warned you to leave him be.
We need your help.
Have you heard of the Chiriji?
Chil'! Do you take me
for an amateur?
Of course Mama Roz is familiar
with the purveyor
of the ancient blood ritual
to cast out the ibi.
That's great.
So how do we
perform the ritual?
Mama Roz never said she knows
how to perform the ritual.
It's a very few
that possess this knowledge.
And my late grandmother
was one of them.
Then let us seek her counsel
from the great beyond.
Beloved who has crossed over
to the spirit realm,
reveal thyself.
Close your eyes if you want
to talk to your grandmother.
Spirit, reveal thyself.
I command you, spirit,
in the name of your grandson.
What do we do?
We wait.
Oh, no...
No!
Galvin!
GRANDME:
You are letting
your heart lead you astray
with a woman
who's got the ibi in her.
She wants to get rid of it,
and I want to help her.
I know you know how.
GRANDME: Only the Chiriji knows
how to perform the ritual.
He trusts no one.
He trusted me.
Well, I'm your family,
he'll trust me, too.
GRANDME:
Yes, but he will devise
a series of tests.
If you fail,
it will cost you your life.
Did he test you?
GRANDME:
Indeed, he did.
Didn't you always wonder
how I lost my finger?
Galvin, can you hear me?
Help him!
Galvin, please.
Oh, thank God.
Are you all right?
I know how to help you now.
I told him
absolutely not.
Why not? Unless you want
to turn into a demon?
Of course not.
It's just too dangerous.
He has to find some
agoraphobic shaman
on an uncharted island
and prove he can face evil.
His grandmother did it
and lost a finger.
No, Dr. Julia and I
can figure it out,
and I don't want him to feel
like he has to save me,
you should
understand that.
You don't like it when Parker
swoops in and saves you.
That's different. He's a demon.Not at the moment.
Well, you said his mom's
dead mouse serum
is gonna wear off any minute.
Wait. Look at this,
it's a Pixie Trap.
"Pixies are lured
by all things sweet,
"shiny objects, treacly treats,
"jingling, jangling
sounds of cheer,
will bring you a pixie
all 'round the year."
Drop the scones, ladies.
We have a trap
to set.
That should do it.
If the trap doesn't get her,
the sugar coma will.
I think we're good.
Now, the spell.
It says we just giggle.
Seriously?Yeah. In delight.
I'd say that-that
was more of a chortle.
HARRY: Shh, shh, shh!
Shh, she's coming.
HARRY: Got her.MEL: That's her.
Uh-oh.
No way, it worked.
HARRY: Be careful,
she's dangerous.
You're the Charmed Ones!
Oh, wow, that's so random.
Why would you trap me? I'm good.
Actually, no.
You killed a guy.
Cookies!
I was just doing
what I was told.
MAGGIE:
What you were told?
MACY: By who?
The one who stole
my heart, that's who.
I do what it takes to help him
live his best life
'cause he deserves it, guys.
Wait! Epic idea!
You know what would be
next-level amazeballs?
Steal that big old book
over there
and get me out
of here, 'kay?
Harry.
MEL: Harry, what
are you doing?
Oh.
MAGGIE:
Oh, no, they're gone.
I've had enough whimsy
to last a lifetime.
Anything on this page?
We've got to figure out
where Chloe took Harry.
And the Book
of Shadows.
Who knows what Tinker-hell
will do with them.
MEL:
Chloe said she was doing
what she was told by some guy
who has her heart.
Right. She probably took
the Bookand Harry to him.
If only we could figure out
who she was in love with.
Wait, what if Chloe
wasn't being a drama queen
when she said this guy
stole her heart?
What if he actually stole it?
I-It says here "Woodland Pixies
have an external heart.
"If someone takes it,
they lose all sense of self,
"existing only to please that
person, becoming one-dimensional
with a single,
obsessive purpose."
Oh, my God,
she becomes a literal
Manic Pixie Dream Girl.
"A Woodland Pixie's heart
resembles... an acorn"?
Aw.
That's cute.
Wait.
MEL and MAGGIE:
Zack's man-jewelry!
Hey, Har, you know
what would be, like,
so random?
If you found a spell
in this book
that made Zack, like,
the greatest filmmaker
who ever lived?
There we are.
A wish-fulfillment spell.Oh.
Works for me.
But it requires
a dark sacrifice.
The lifeblood of
a magical being.
Like a pixie?
Or...
a Whitelighter?Oh, yes.
Either would do.
But then again,
I do have more blood.
And Parker's sure
he's gonna be here?
Yeah, Zack works
the afterhour shifts
in the archives every night.
PARKER:
Hey, guys.Parker.
We're okay; you don't even
have your powers.
Serum's worn off, I can...No, I don't need you
constantly swooping in
to rescue me, I mean us.Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I don't swoop.
When have I ever swooped?You swoop, you
definitely swoop.
Macy, I wouldn't do that,
there's an alarm.
Disabled the alarm.
Sorry for swooping
past you.
Fine.
We're down a Whitelighter.
I guess you can assist us.
Great.
Sorry, Har.
At least your death
won't be in vain.
Not at all.
It's gonna make me into
the next
great American filmmaker.MEL: Zack, stop.
ZACK:
Was that...
supposed to do something, or...?
MEL:
The protection spell.
It's protecting him
from our magic.
Chloe, destroy them.
And make the Whitelighter
keep my Booksafe.
Hey, Har.
Mm-hmm?
Here's the Book.
Oh.
How about a fanciful
game of keepaway?
I'll handle Chloe.
Parker and I will get the Book.
I think I can sober Harry up
with my powers.
Great. Then the
wannabe-Tarantino is mine.
No, your powers
won't work.
He's a whiny film student
who forces
a fairy to do his dirty work.
I can handle him.
Hi, Har.Hey, Harry.
You overgrown lightning bug.
♪ London Bridge
is falling down... ♪
No, no, no.
Hold still, Har.
♪ Falling down,
falling down... ♪No, no--
Oh--
♪ London Bridge
is falling down ♪
Was I this annoying
on pixie dust?
No, you were
even worse.
It's time to retire
the manic pixie dream girl trope
and, you know, murdering people.
It was all Chloe. She's crazy.
She's, she's--
Zack, stop.
Now hand over
that acorn.
No, no.
No!
Girl, you should loosen up
and smile more. Boys like that.
Oh.
♪ My fair lady. I got him. Maggie.
MAGGIE:
Harry, you're under
the pixie spell.
Come back to us.
Chloe, I have your heart.
Don't let Zack get away.
I can't let you
leave, Zack.
And that's a wrap on Zack.
He's sleeping off
the whimsy.
Oh. You're waiting for me
to tell you what to do.
Okay, Chloe,
tell us what happened.
Oh, geez.
Well, I was living my best life,
working at my pop-up
cupcake kiosk,
a little dog-walking
on the side, I like to knit.
And then Zack trapped me.
He'd found a Pixionary
at an occult shop.
He set it up and I was
the unlucky pixie
that walked right into it.
The Pixionary told him
he could steal my heart,
so he ripped off my acorn,
and I was his.
He said he wanted to get
into that film seminar,
but he was convinced that
they'd only pick one white guy.
I think it's really hard
being a white guy nowadays.
That's not a thing.That's-- He's delusional.
I didn't want to do
all those bad things,
but I couldn't say no.
So can I have my heart back?
MEL:
Of course, Chloe.
Go live your own best life.
Oh...
Oh, no...
Oh, how can I live with myself?
I killed somebody.
Oh, Chloe,
it-it wasn't your fault.
He stole your agency.
He is responsible.
I have to make sure something
like this never happens again.
We use something called
the Power of Three
to make us stronger.
Maybe you and the
other pixies could...
Team up?
And organize.
Figure out where to hide
those hearts of yours.
Team up.
Yeah.
I like that.
Thank you.
Justice now.
Consequences now.
It is so.
I killed Judd,
and when Noah found out,
I pushed him into traffic.
All because I'm a spoiled douche
with an inferiority complex.
Good job. Now you're gonna
march down to the police station
and tell them exactly that,
except for the
last sentence.
A little too on the nose.
What the hell was that?
It's a Sarcana hex.
Jada and I used it
a few weeks ago
on some creepy dude who
roofied women at The Haunt.
You've done this before?
Mel, hexing humans
is against the rules.
How can you be sure
Jada's on our side?
All I know is that she hasn't
given me a reason
not to trust her.
Hey, Parker, wait up.
I was wondering where you went
last night.
Hey.
Hey, you found
the puppy.
Yeah. I think I'm gonna keep him
as the Phi Delt mascot.
I always wanted a puppy.
My dad wasn't into pets,
as you can imagine,
but I just wanted to be normal.
Oh, that's so sweet.
And human.
I hope I don't
regret this.
Regret what?
♪ And I'll run to you
♪ When the waters rise
♪ If the bombs ignite...
MAGGIE:
I rescue him,
and he rescues me right back.
I don't feel weak anymore.
Someone's been watching
Pretty Womanagain.
Guilty.
♪ And I'll fall for you
if you need a fight... ♪
You're not scared?
Of Parker's demon side.
You kidding?
I'm terrified.
But you took him back.
Yeah, well... being in love
is always scary.
They could cheat on you,
break up with you.
Give in to their demon side.
What can you do?♪ And I'll run to you
♪ When the waters rise
If you really want
to go and do this,
I won't stop you.
Even though I'm scared.
♪ I'll still call to you
I'm scared you might get hurt.
♪ When I lose my sight I'm scared of getting hurt, too.
But it's worth it to me to try,
because I love you.
You do?
Mm-hmm.
♪ And I'll fall for you
if you need a fight ♪
♪ And I'll run to you
♪ When the waters rise
♪ If the bombs ignite.
And you're sure
you're ready?
Mm.
Meeting the parents,
that's a big deal.
I'm ready.
I'm sorry I freaked out
a little.
Mm.
And I'm here,
no matter what happens.
Okay?
Okay.
They're your parents.
There's nothing to be scared of.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org